Is it wrong as an LA to ask out a student in the class?
@20507 How misguided are you to be pissed off about a rent-a-cop telling you not to go inside a tent? There's an event. It's not public. Someone getting paid to stand outside a door probably doesn't give a shit about you, MIT, or the speakers. Why on earth would you harass some dude just putting in his hours and make a fuss about the deprioritization of "the quotidian education of the studentry", instead of walking around the tent and going to class? Is this the state of activism at MIT?
I am disproportionately attracted to women named Emily and I don’t know why.
Stop asking ec-discuss to write your admissions posts and then spamming everybody else when you don't get enough responses. Be less lazy.
i'm sure bruce tidor is a smart dude and all, but boy when i go to 046 lecture and see him at the front of the room i know i'm not learning that day
<mini-rant>I wish smoking culture was still widely accepted. I get that there are communities that let you smoke inside your living quarters... but what if I wanna smoke a nice cigarette while I'm reading in a classroom? Like I get it, smoking is bad, but I hate having to walk outside just to enjoy a smoke break.I wish that we could open up a smoking admissible lounge....See More
Holy shit omg wtf lol wut excuse me whomst’ve that 10.10 quiz was the biggest academic failure of my entire life
So a few days earlier I saw a comment on MIT Confessions about a really insightful way to mutually ask if someone likes each other with 5 cards, three red and two black, but I can't find it. Can someone either repost it or link it?
shoutout to the LA who said 'get in hoe' while trying to push the resistor into the socket on my board
I like to think Kim Kardashian is mostly irrelevant to my life but every time I want to wear hoops I have to reconsider that because of her stupid "the bigger the hoops the bigger the hoe." sometimes hoops would just complete my look but because of Kim fucking K I can't wear them bc I'm not trying to be a hoe. honestly it's just a major inconvenience and I'm not sure why the stupid saying has become so widespread. Thank you for coming to my TED talk
@ people outside my room talking about QR factorization: Please stop! I have had enough of QR to last a lifetime.
Sometimes I have dreams where I'm lost in space. My oxygen is low and I have no way of returning to earth. Suddenly, I see a bright star travelling towards me. It's Xavier Zapien! He's come to save me! But wait, why does he only have one oxygen tank? He starts taking off my oxygen tank and replacing it with his. Then, he uses the last of his dying energy to accelerate me toward Earth. As I fall back to the motherland, I see Xavier's face shriveling from the vacuum of space. He looks like a raisin, but that's my raisin. Thank you Xavier-chan
So happy my 033 design project group seems to have their shit together cause I have no clue how to start, continue, or finish this project.
Fellow gay guy here, who wants to let me eat their pussy? I heard it tastes like Maseeh D's lamb curry. Would like to confirm. Serious inquiries only. eom
vegetarian/vegan men are 10000000 times sexier --- like okay damn daddy eat that salad ! your meat is the only type i want in my body ;)
Like others, I believe New Vassar Dorm is a very bad name. I have a good idea, I wish the student leaders can carry it forward.Name the MIT Dorm as Tomlinson Hall. After Ray Tomlinson, the email pioneer. Reason:In the MIT150 list of most influential MIT people, among the top 5, Tim Berners-Lee, Eric Lander and Philip Sharp are still alive. William Shockley is a no-no because of his racism. So, that leaves Ray Tomlinson, rest in peace. We all know that his work was g...See More
To the 6.006 grader grading my pset:I am so sorry about the ms paint drawn trees, I really don't know a fast, more convenient way to draw trees. Father, I've committed sin, please forgive me.
course 11s are fucking hot
I'm really skeptical of MIT programs that advertise waaayyy too much. It sketches me out and I feel like good programs wouldn't need to pub so hard.Looking at UPOP, GEL, etc.
Like if I should be responsible and pset today laugh reacc for get absolutely plastered
At the Sloan Sports Analytics Conference.What an amazing experience.So proud to be a part of the MIT family.
Can someone tell professors that not knowing your own lecture material isn't a personality trait?
Keep the life and the family of Anthony Costa Jr. in your minds and hearts. He was a worker killed yesterday by scaffolding that fell at the construction site for the new Vassar dorm. Two other men are hospitalized with injuries. Whether this was a no-fault accident or the result of unsafe working conditions (investigation ongoing), MIT should be there for his loved ones and the injured. Costa was a member of the MIT community, even if, as a contracted worker, some others fail to recognize his value. Where is the email in his memory? This isn't just political; this is what is happening on our campus.
@20520 lol drop hints of who you are and I'll reveal myself11Like
If MIT cared about their students, they would let BC residents move with their living groups to the Vassar dorm during renovations. It’s not even the culture aspect, it’s the fact that these are tight knit communities where residents feel safe talking to their fellow residents. Taking this away from those students, especially those who love their floors and primarily socialize there, is detrimental to both them and the greater MIT community.2828Like
@20205 Late response but I am a black kid with educated parents and I guarantee you I am just as "qualified" as any other person here who had the privilege of an educational motivator/role model growing up. If you have a problem with MIT admitting people who grew up with financial and/or educational privilege that's fine, but having a specific problem with admitting black/Hispanic privileged students makes the assumption that those people are inherently unqualified and...See More
so 2.00b has the money to give us bougie-ass pens and pencils but can't buy us design notebooks? Interesting...66Like
Yet another survey from admin. While I'm generally satisfied with my MIT experience, I'll for sure be putting the most negative response for all the "does admin care about you" questions, and I encourage others to do the same, and here's why.While my feelings aren't necessarily that extreme, more that I'm worried any answer that isn't the most extreme will be lumped in with all the ""these student's aren't extremely dissatisfied therefore they are satisfied"" responses. I wish I didn't have to worry about my opinion being misrepresented like this, but all the recent inaccurate data portrayals re:housing has made me defensive.
Rank the 6.00x classes in difficulty highest to lowest:
I wanna do a twerking flashmob in lobby 7 one day. anyone else wanna join?
There are a lot of posts like “X is so attractive” “Y is so hot” “Z have my babies”.... But damn. Wtf have you people never seen Ava?! Makes me wish I didn’t already graduate
Okay, first of all, the new dorm should be called WEST GARAGE to bring it back to its roots. I don't know what all this New Vassar stuff is because the only acceptable name is WEST GARAGE.
Romanian is so attractive yas uuuuuu speak that spicy Russian-ish French to me
@6.006 TA that helped me during OH, bruh YOU CUTE
dear asians,stop trying to act like underrepresented minorities on college campuses. you and white people have so much privilege and you take it for granted. wise up.sincerely,latinx and black people
NaNi
I don’t get it. Why are people mad about Kissinger. He seemed pretty honest and progressive when I saw him speak the other day. Why does everyone have to hate?
Not gonna lie. I thought the tent was the actual College of Computing till now.
PSA: hey everyone, please check your datamatches because some of us are still up to get down
Fuck I really like this guy but everyone just wants my best friend to get with him
We made eye contact and exchanged friendly nods in the infinite when you came down the stairs from 10-250 today at 3 pm. It's been eating me up ever since, because I don't know your name and I'm not sure if I'll get to see you again. I had a red MIT squash quarter zip on. Long hair. If you're reading this, I eat breakfast outside of Verde's at 10 am every day, come say hi :)
STOP HAVING SEX IN OUR COMMUNAL SHOWER I just want to get ready in the bathroom peace
i want more people to use mit compliments :( i like seeing mit be wholesome to each other, makes it worth everything else1010Like
BRAD plz just have a sleepover with her at HER place. I need to study and SLEEP!!
I have a confession to make. I'm in love with all of Maseeh 4. Also, Max, you're perfect and don't ever change.
Though a series of unforeseen struggles continues to hold back the project, I'm getting closer than ever. One day, you'll finally understand why I had to do everything I did.I'm proud to have liked you. May you find your special someone, and may that relationship be simple and delightful. Have a wonderful life.33Like
I kno u hate to hear it but your hand is broken. U broke a plate in dining today and embarrassed me. Accept it’s broken and embrace it.
MIT needs to build a "screaming room" so i have somewhere I can scream my soul out without worrying people
I (as a woman) am super impressed when other women can clasp their bras behind their backs.
Honestly, can we change the MacGregor fire alarm to only say the "if the alarm sounds in your half of the building, please evacuate" ONCE? Where I come from, if you hear the fire alarm, you instantly leave. We don't need the extra minute to rip our hair out over. Especially the pause before the second alarm. Is there ANY genuine point for this to exist instead of even, I don't know, INSTANTLY telling that half of MacGregor to leave? Almost seems like there could be serious issues if a real fire spread far enough to box people in while they were waiting to see if the alarm sounds for them.
I've had had serious moments of depression every semester I've been here. Usually it's related to some toxic relationship I've been in, but this semester, I'm in a pretty great relationship.However, I'm going back into my depression cycle without an obvious thing I can point to as "the reason." My boyfriend thinks that my workload is too much, so I've thought of that being the possibility, but tbh, I like all my classes this semester and enjoy my time in all of them. ...See More
I know it's bad when I can't focus on my 6.033 reading because I'm thinking about being fucked from behind.11Like
Biggest mistake of my life: giving my UROP adviser by phone number. Dude does not stop texting me with things to do all day. Even when I say I have 5 exams and 12 pset due in 1 hour, he asks me to complete something in that 1 hour. Should I block him?
A man died constructing the new dorm. This is so sad. I feel like the conditions recently were not good to work in with how windy it was.
Hans and Wilbur Li are fucking inspirational
Sebastian from my 6.006 recitation can plow me any day of the week
Left-handed archer shooting next to me today, you're pretty cute
